README.md, before:

# Scikit-learn Tutorial

*Jake VanderPlas*

- email: <jakevdp@uw.edu>
- twitter: [@jakevdp](https://twitter.com/jakevdp)
- github: [jakevdp](http://github.com/jakevdp)

This repository contains notebooks and other files associated with my
[Scikit-learn](http://scikit-learn.org) tutorial.

## Installation Notes
This tutorial requires the following packages:

- Python version 2.6-2.7 or 3.3+
- `numpy` version 1.5 or later: http://www.numpy.org/
- `scipy` version 0.10 or later: http://www.scipy.org/
- `matplotlib` version 1.3 or later: http://matplotlib.org/
- `scikit-learn` version 0.14 or later: http://scikit-learn.org
- `ipython` version 2.0 or later, with notebook support: http://ipython.org
- `seaborn` version 0.5 or later

The easiest way to get these is to use the [conda](https://store.continuum.io/) environment manager.
I suggest downloading and installing [miniconda](http://conda.pydata.org/miniconda.html).

Once this is installed, the following command will install all required packages in your Python environment:
```
Original install (2015)
$ conda install numpy scipy matplotlib scikit-learn ipython-notebook seaborn

Or for current versions of Anaconda (Mar 2018)
 
$ conda create -n skl_tut python=3.4.5 ipywidgets=5.2.2 numpy scipy matplotlib scikit-learn ipython-notebook seaborn pillow

$ activate skl_tut

$ jupyter notebook --notebook-dir='<tutorial folder>'
```

Alternatively, you can download and install the (very large) Anaconda software distribution, found at https://store.continuum.io/.

## Downloading the Tutorial Materials
I would highly recommend using git, not only for this tutorial, but for the
general betterment of your life.  Once git is installed, you can clone the
material in this tutorial by using the git address shown above:

    git clone git://github.com/jakevdp/sklearn_tutorial.git

If you can't or don't want to install git, there is a link above to download
the contents of this repository as a zip file.  I may make minor changes to
the repository in the days before the tutorial, however, so cloning the
repository is a much better option.


## Notebook Listing
You can [view the tutorial materials](http://nbviewer.ipython.org/github/jakevdp/sklearn_tutorial/blob/master/notebooks/Index.ipynb) using the excellent nbviewer service.

Note, however, that you cannot modify or run the contents within nbviewer.
To modify them, first download the tutorial repository, change to the notebooks directory, and run ``ipython notebook``.
You should see the list in the ipython notebook launch page in your web browser.
For more information on the IPython notebook, see http://ipython.org/notebook.html

Note also that some of the code in these notebooks will not work outside the
directory structure of this tutorial, so it is important to clone the full
repository if possible.

Commit message:

Update README for installation of updated project

README.md, after:

# Scikit-learn Tutorial

*Jake VanderPlas*

- email: <jakevdp@uw.edu>
- twitter: [@jakevdp](https://twitter.com/jakevdp)
- github: [jakevdp](http://github.com/jakevdp)

This repository contains notebooks and other files associated with my
[Scikit-learn](http://scikit-learn.org) tutorial.

## Installation Notes
This tutorial requires the following packages:

- Python version 2.6-2.7 or 3.3+
- `numpy` version 1.5 or later: http://www.numpy.org/
- `scipy` version 0.10 or later: http://www.scipy.org/
- `matplotlib` version 1.3 or later: http://matplotlib.org/
- `scikit-learn` version 0.14 or later: http://scikit-learn.org
- `ipython` version 2.0 or later, with notebook support: http://ipython.org
- `seaborn` version 0.5 or later

The easiest way to get these is to use the [conda](https://store.continuum.io/) environment manager.
I suggest downloading and installing [miniconda](http://conda.pydata.org/miniconda.html).

Once this is installed, the following command will install all required packages in your Python environment:
```
Original install (2015)
$ conda install numpy scipy matplotlib scikit-learn ipython-notebook seaborn

Or for current versions of Anaconda (Mar 2018)
 
$ conda create -n skl_tut python=3.4.5 ipywidgets=5.2.2 numpy scipy matplotlib scikit-learn ipython-notebook seaborn pillow
```

<font color="red"> For current (2023) version of the project:</font>
```
$ conda create -n skl_tut python=3.10.8 --file requirements.txt
```

```
$ activate skl_tut
```
```
$ jupyter notebook --notebook-dir='<tutorial folder>'
```

Alternatively, you can download and install the (very large) Anaconda software distribution, found at https://store.continuum.io/.

## Downloading the Tutorial Materials
I would highly recommend using git, not only for this tutorial, but for the
general betterment of your life.  Once git is installed, you can clone the
material in this tutorial by using the git address shown above:

    git clone git://github.com/jakevdp/sklearn_tutorial.git

If you can't or don't want to install git, there is a link above to download
the contents of this repository as a zip file.  I may make minor changes to
the repository in the days before the tutorial, however, so cloning the
repository is a much better option.


## Notebook Listing
You can [view the tutorial materials](http://nbviewer.ipython.org/github/jakevdp/sklearn_tutorial/blob/master/notebooks/Index.ipynb) using the excellent nbviewer service.

Note, however, that you cannot modify or run the contents within nbviewer.
To modify them, first download the tutorial repository, change to the notebooks directory, and run ``ipython notebook``.
You should see the list in the ipython notebook launch page in your web browser.
For more information on the IPython notebook, see http://ipython.org/notebook.html

Note also that some of the code in these notebooks will not work outside the
directory structure of this tutorial, so it is important to clone the full
repository if possible.
